Add docs: Existing contraces (#605)
nervosnetwork/docs.nervos.org: website/docs/common-scripts/05-input-type-proxy-lock.mdx

---
id: input-type-proxy-lock
title: Input Type Proxy Lock
---

> # Input Type Proxy Lock
> 
> Purpose: Unlocks when a specific type script appears in transaction inputs.
> 
> Part of [ckb-proxy-locks](https://github.com/ckb-devrel/ckb-proxy-locks)
> 
> ## How it works:
> 
> Takes a 32-byte type script hash as argument
> Can be unlocked if any input cell has the specified type script
> Enables type-script-based authorization
> 
> ### Arguments:
> 
> args[0..32]: Hash of the required input type script
> 
> ### Use cases:
> 
> Token-gated access
> NFT-based permissions
> Conditional unlocking based on asset ownership

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Input Type Proxy Lock
[Input Type Proxy Lock](https://github.com/ckb-devrel/ckb-proxy-locks/tree/main/contracts/input-type-proxy-lock) is a Lock Script that allows unlocking when a specific [Type Script](/docs/tech-explanation/type-script) appears in transaction inputs.

It is part of the [ckb-proxy-locks](https://github.com/ckb-devrel/ckb-proxy-locks).

## How It Works

- Takes a 32-byte Type Script hash as an argument
```bash
args[0..32]: Hash of the required input Type Script
```
- Passes validation if any input Cell in the transaction contains the specified Type Script. This enables more flexible authorization patterns based on Type Script presence.

## Use cases

- Token-gated access
- NFT-based permissions
- Conditional unlocking based on asset ownership
```

## Deployment

- mainnet Lina

| parameter   | value                                                                |
| ----------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `code_hash` | `0x5123908965c711b0ffd8aec642f1ede329649bda1ebdca6bd24124d3796f768a` |
| `hash_type` | `data1`                                                              |
| `tx_hash`   | `0x10d63a996157d32c01078058000052674ca58d15f921bec7f1dcdac2160eb66b` |
| `index`     | `0x1`                                                                |
| `dep_type`  | `code`                                                               |

> - testnet Aggron

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Testnet
```
